From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman.
It's a weekly discussion with
web developer and technologist Scott
Hanselman. This is Lawrence Ryan announcing
show number three 47. Recorded
live Thursday, November 22nd, 2012. This episode
is brought to you by
Tellerik offering the best in
developer tools and support online@telerikdotcomandbyfranklins.net
training developers to work smarter
and now offering gesture pack
a powerful gesture, recording and
recognition system for Microsoft connect
for windows developers details@gesturepak.com. In
this episode, Scott talks to
Zachary printer from Hulu about
the new Hulu windows eight
application. Hi, this is Scott
Hanselman. This is another episode
of Hansel minutes and I'm
recording here in the command
center, kind of the speaker
room area of the build
conference. So if you hear
beeps and boops in the
background, it's just the people
that are doing the good
work that keeps building running.
I'm sitting here actually with
Jack repenter from Hulu developer
on the Hulu mobile team.
How's it going? It's gone.
Good. Thanks for having me.
Yeah, I'm pretty stoked because
I contacted you guys after
running the new Hulu windows
eight application, just enjoying it
on my 30 inch monitor.
Yes, very much appreciating that.
It's pretty awesome. And now
I've got Hulu pretty much
on every device I have
and we tried to get
on just about every device
we can out there. So
it's, it's a bit of
a journey, but it's, it's
a lot of fun in
the, in the meantime, one
of the things when I'm
dealing with Hulu, cause I've
got it on my phone.
I've got it on my
tablet. I've got it on
my windows machine. I wonder,
are you going to keep
me from installing it too
many places? I know with
Netflix sometimes they'll say, well,
you have five or six
machines registered. I assume Hulu
will know if I'm trying
to cheat you. I think
our largest concern there is
number of simultaneous streams. So
devices itself, if you were
to look at my account
in one of our panels,
you'll see probably a hundred
different devices because I'm testing
everything out there with my
account, but that's never been
something that we've really found
a problem. It's just, Hey,
if you've got more than
two or three simultaneous streams
going at the same time,
we're not going to let
you open another. Okay. That's
good. So that makes me
feel good because like, if
I get a new surface,
I'm going to want to
put Hulu on it, but
I'm going to think, well,
I don't know if I
want to put down everything.
Okay, cool. So I can
install it everywhere without fear.
Yes. One of the things
that I've noticed with hula
lately is that the user
interface is starting to look
kind of the same everywhere.
Like for a while there,
it looked like one thing
on my TiVo. I actually
run Hulu on my TiVo
as well. I look one
way on my, on my
PlayStation, but now it kind
of looks free. It's very
organized. It's very, it's very
clean. And the user interface
in it, the Xbox three
60 version looks real similar
to my windows eight when
that's on purpose. So I'm
actually, we've had a big
push internally. It really culminated
with the launch of what
we call H2O, our new
website design, where We just
got this visual refresh where
it's a lot less, it's
a lot less metadata on
the screen, a lot less
text on the screen and
a lot more of really
pronouncing the, the assets and
the images and the content
and making it easier to
browse and easier to just,
you know, go a lot
of times people come to
Hulu and they want to
find a very specific show,
but we're also trying to,
you know, we've got a
great search functionality for that,
but we also want to
allow them to come and
say, Hey, what's something interesting
to watch. And that's what
we're pushing for with the
new interface. You'll also see
that. So thorn our Android
tablet application, that was name.
Now we know the secret
code. Yes, thorn. I gave
it away. So our thorn
application, it was the very
first application to launch this
new user interface. And it
was sort of the prototype
of it. I'll where we
could see exactly how it
works and how we want
to lay things out and
what some of the overall
information architecture of the application
would be like. And then
after that we've launched H2O
the new website and you
can see the two look
very, very similar. Now when
it came to windows eight,
we of course want to
fit in with the platform.
So instead of doing vertical
scrolling and shelves, we do,
we call them sections, but
basically groups inside of 'em
that 90 grid view. And
so it still looks very
much like Hulu and has
a very similar experience to
the regular website in terms
of information you can find
in brows, but it also
fits in very closely with
the windows eight UI. Where
did those pictures come from?
Cause they, they look like
screenshots, but they're so clear.
Yeah. So we do our
own, we have a few
different services where we can
do show key art versus
show art versus video like
images. So for video images,
we've got a ton of
videos. A lot of times
it will just like take
a good section of the
video and make a screenshot
of that. But if it
comes to an actual show,
if it's going to be
on the main show page,
that's one image where we've,
you know, we have designers
who go in and make
sure that all that, all
those assets look good for
every single show that we
have. And then we also
have a condensed version of
that for the tiles themselves.
So you have the sort
of ma master image for
the show page that looks
really good and really high
resolution. You have the title
image for the shows, and
then you have the video
images for each particular episode.
So you might go to
like, you know, Fox or
NBC. And like they have
like the press kit for
like new girl or whatever.
And like here's all the
graphics you're going to need,
but then you're assembling those
and doing all that work.
Yes. I, I don't want
to speak too much out
of my domain there, but
it's at least my understanding
that we go in and
manually edit that ourselves, You,
as a developer, you're consuming
this, you have like an
API or a web API
that you're pulling these phones.
Yes. So if go on
get hub, we released a
project called typer E C
T Y P E R.
It had a different internal
code name, but one of
the things that project does
is it basically sets up
an image server and it
will take any URL. You
give it with some parameters
like the size you want
and the asset you want,
and then various other image
magic commands to, you know,
maybe I want to clip
it a certain way and
just translate those into running
image magic on the command
line and then cashing that
file and serving it to
other requests. So we have
a pretty decent API there
for just saying, Hey, any
particular show or video, I
want to get this asset
at this site And you'll
know that it looks good
and it's correctly sized for
what you're trying to do.
Z stick within the same
aspect. Ratios were usually pretty
good there. If we start
chopping it a little bit,
then we've gotta be more
careful. So we'll get example
of that is the lifestyle
that we do in windows
eight. If you w one
of our first iterations, we
want to put our Hulu
logo every time they pin
the show to the start
page. But if we put
it on the top, that
would interfere with some show
logos. If we put it
on the bottom, then a
show like the Kobe report
has the text on the
bottom. So we would cover
the label of the show,
which wasn't so good. But
we actually noticed if you
compared the internal resolution of,
or the, the aspect ratio
of our images with the
aspect ratio of the lifestyles,
there's a bit of a
gap on the left hand
side or left or right
hand side. And we were
able to use that with
just a tiny bit of
cropping so that we can
get our logo in there.
And it doesn't interfere with
any of the text on
the image. That's a lot
of work. There's a lot
of thought. I mean, are
you having to like dynamically
look at the, where are
the images on them? Do
you do any like eristics
or anything to figure out
that, Oh, that, or do
you just hard-code like the
Colbert report puts it at
the top. So we don't
have a lot of code
to do that. The image
and like tell, I can
see where their logo is.
It's more like dev iterations
where we would do something
and say, Hey, does that
look good? And then we
would find a couple of
examples of shows where that
didn't work. So what we
do now is by having
that mismatch in aspect ratios,
it's actually outside of the
image. So we're not really
covering the image at all.
And we combined them together.
When we see these demos
that the Microsoft guys do,
they usually, you know, they
look a lot like the
file new project. When you
say file new windows store
project, you get a bunch
of tiles, you get a
designer involved through some gradients
and you throw a bunch
of, of good looking art
up there. You obviously have
all of your designers that
are back there doing that.
You've got a web API,
that's returning all that stuff.
So you've got all the
art that's behind this. Is
it literally just as like,
is the Hulu application, just
a big old grid view
and a huge play button?
Or is there a lot
more going on here? Cause
I want to understand the
difference between the demos that
they show of. Hey, look,
I made a video sharing
app and then a real
one, cause you've got millions
of people using these things.
Sure. So At least to
the application design, we're definitely
doing a lot. I wouldn't
say like custom, as far
as the framework doesn't support
it, but a lot of
custom UI are ourselves there.
A good example of that
is our search results page.
So if you do a
search you've got mixed, matched,
you know, a lot of
different types of content where
you can get not only
like shows where we will
show the show image and
then the first four episodes
and the first four clips
and things like that. We'll
also show movies that match
up, but they're a separate
section, right? So it's not
like all looking the same
or in the same sort
of standard grid view grouping.
We have different different layouts
for each type of search
result that we can return
on that page. We also
have editorial trays. So if
I search for something like
family, I might get a
curated section like family flicks
with all the movie tiles.
And that's a different aspect
ratio, right? Because we're showing
the poster art instead of
the video artwork, which is
16 by nine. So we
basically combine all those things
together. And yet everything on
there is part of the
same sort of selection, metaphor,
where you can check Mark
one and it checks the
other. So I'm doing something
like that really isn't quite
supported by default in the
framework, but the framework gives
you enough hooks that we
were able to make it
work and it turned out
Interesting. So then that means
that, you know, you say
family and you're going to
get a section. You can
get a group, you can
get a movie, you can
get clips, you can get
an episode, you can get
a show with the named
family. The user needs to
think, Hey, it's a big,
beautiful grid full of things
in some ways delineated, but
underneath you've got, you know,
a dozen different kinds of
search results that were returned.
And that was actually something
that we couldn't do in,
in earlier applications. We didn't
really have an API for
that, but as part of
the H2O launch, our new
website, that API was added
so that the website could
have these really nice and
beautiful search results instead of
just a grid of tiles
and then windows, Hey, we
did a first iteration on
it. It was a great
of tiles. It worked, but
it wasn't that, you know,
wonderful. Right. So we went
back and rethought about it
and thought, Hey, we could
do something a lot nicer
if we use the same
API that the site's using
now. And through that, that's,
that's what we've landed at.
I assume at some point
like the very first time
that someone thought let's do
a windows eight app, somebody
did go file new project
store. Okay. Bound a bunch
of images to it and
said, yes, here we go.
We're on our way. Yeah,
definitely. So we were able
to get, you know, some,
some rough versions of the
app out there really quick,
like at least internal builds.
It was, it was quite
nice. And actually our initial
sort of MVP build, we
had done at least three
months ago, minimum viable product.
Yeah. And that particular build
it, it didn't have the
nicer search results. It didn't
have as nice of a
bottom bar and the top
navigation wasn't as flushed out
and, and so on, but
it did the job and
it looks pretty good. And
by having that out early
one, it gave us some
breathing room for development time.
But to it, let us
get preloaded on variety of
vendors. So, so yeah, we,
we had that first build,
it wasn't as fleshed out
as we would like the
end result to be. It
didn't have all the features,
but we got pretty far
in the short amount of
time. So It sounds like
the first 80% is really,
really fast. And then it's
really just tweaking and tweaking
all the way. Yeah. I
spent days with our design
team where one or two
of the designers would just
come by and sit at
my desk and be sort
of live coding with me
of, Hey, can we try
that? Moving that down a
little bit, or can we
tweak the opacity here or
we need a shadow. They
just sitting there with you
and your live coding while
they're designing. And then I
had to go in after
the fact and clean up
my code. Cause I did
a bunch of hacks here
and there to make sure
that I could try it
out well, But you were
able to make those changes.
How did you do those
in the WPF designer and
note pattern? So I did
it in the visual studios.
XAML editor. We don't really
use the designer view too
much. It's, it's nice. And
it makes for a great
feature when you match it,
but then you have to
do more work to set
up your sample data. So
it says, and you also
have, I mean, particularly with
an application like Hulu, the
majority of our UI is
driven server side. So, you
know, setting up that sample
data source, fetching the correctly
out from the server, getting
through with all the login
stuff. I mean, it's not
impossible, but it wasn't really
worth it for us to
be able to like, you
know, drag the grid around.
It was easier to just
edit that with the code.
How many different sample pages
do you have is I
think that we could agree
that Hulu is a, a,
a competent and reasonably sized
app. It's not like immensely
complex, but it's also not
immensely simple. How many XAML
pages are there. So I'm
a little bit of background
that we don't have say
a TV page or a
movies page or something like
that. Our two main pages
in the application, maybe we
could find a better name
for it, but it's horizontal
page and expanded page. So
horizontal page is the sideways
scrolling page where you have
like groups of content and
that page then gets filled
with what we call again,
sections or groups. And we
have a whole list of
section templates that defined like
what different sections can look
at And are those different
different snippets templates. Okay.
Are there different files physically
on disc or is it
all part of one giant
larger resource Resource dictionary that
contains all of our section
templates? And then we also
have resource dictionary for our
title templates inside those sections,
but yeah, so we basically
have a collection of Legos,
right? And then the server
side information architecture, like the
way we define how the
application is laid out, laid
out server-side uses those Lego's
and rearranges them in interesting
ways. So we can say,
Oh, I want a query
that shows TV videos by
popularity. But I wanted, you
know, with the, the standard
section layout with the tiles
as the first two tiles
big, or we could switch
it that, Oh, I want
it to be 16 small
tiles, or I want this
particular one to be poster
art. Help me understand that
relationship a little bit more.
It sounds like you're saying
it you're getting layout information
from the server. So why
isn't the server just to
focused on data and then
the client make those decisions?
The server doesn't tell us
like, Oh, I want this
60 padding to the left,
or I want this to
be this particular font. It
doesn't do any of that,
but it does tell us
that, Hey, I want, you
know, this data source to
be the very first thing
after, you know, our masthead
image, right? So it tells
us which section I want
to be on the homepage
in the most prominent order
and what query against our
servers, we're going to use
to fill that section up.
And then also like we
have a few layout concepts,
like what sort of grid
layout do I want? Do
I want it to be
one big tile? And then
the rest of them smaller?
Do I want it to
be two big tiles and
the rest of them? I
see. So if I understand
correctly, you've got kind of
this, this cafeteria plan of
all the different X number
of layouts that one could
potentially use. And then I
don't know, the master of
programming can be in the
back there and he can
change what I see as
the user, when I launch
it. It could be like
a giant picture of the
girl from new girl. And
then some featured movie that
she's in. He can control
that. Exactly. It might look
entirely different another day. Is
that very, very much so.
So if we want to
say promote a lot of
our new kids' content, we
can go in and we
can actually change what the
top app bar said, server
side, and we can add
an entire new kid section
and we can organize it
by, you know, what the
most popular shows are or
however we want to group
up the kids' content. So
that gives our surface ed
team a lot of flexibility
and, you know, rearranging content
or adding new content to
the website that doesn't require
everybody to update their applications
immediately. So that's interesting. It's
you just said the website.
So they're thinking about this
in terms of, are they
targeting clients? Are they thinking
about the Hulu as the
client? And it doesn't really
matter whether it's an Android
or windows eight or a
web. So right now it's,
it's not as unified, right?
If we develop a kids
section on hulu.com, we're probably
going to use the same,
same ideas in the same
flow, but develop it in
a different definition file on
for, for the Android app
and a different definition file
for the windows eight app,
similar concepts, but different, different
setups right now. One of
the things that I'm really
excited about on the backend
is I'm working with some
other guys on our team
to consolidate that. So we
can share a lot of
the, a lot of the,
between applications. And basically we're
working on just a, a
sort of mini domain specific
language where we can define
what the Hulu experience looks
like. And then on top
of that, we can get,
you know, application specific adjustments.
So a good example is
a phone interface might not
want as many filtering options
as a tablet interface because
it doesn't have as much
real estate on the screen
to show those filters Options.
So you're kind of keeping
it dry across all of
these different things. Yeah. I'm
removing some past pain points
and really getting a nice
system out there so that
we can share shared the,
the main layout of our
application across sites, and then
further optimize it with some
personalization tools as well. So
if we find that somebody
is really into science fiction,
maybe that would promote itself
more prominently on their home
screen than somebody who's into
a lot of cooking shows.
How did you make the
decision to go with C
sharp and XAML versus using
JavaScript and HTML four for
the windows eight app? So
there's, as I understand it,
a lot of the benefits
of the JavaScript and HTML
is that it can bring
in outside developers who are
maybe familiar with writing basic
websites and, you know, give
them a lot of tools
that are familiar. But for
us, it wouldn't give us
much benefit in like code
sharing or anything like that.
Like we're not going to
share JavaScript files with the
main website on that. So
we're going to be writing
it from, from scratch anyways.
And we're going to do
a lot of heavy work
with the media player framework
in general. So we would
have to do that in
probably C sharp or C
plus plus as well, even
if we did the HTML
and JavaScript. And then on
top of that, I've just
had in the past a
really good experience with XAML
and C sharp through WPF
and Silverlight and windows, phone
seven at previous companies I've
worked at. So I think
all of those combined together,
we basically had a group
consensus that we should do
the exam on C sharp
route. And we've been very
happy with it since. Good.
Yeah. When, when you're doing
some things that large resolutions
are, the first thing that
I noticed is I have
three monitors, a 20, 24
and a 30, and as
I move around, you know,
things resize pretty well, I'm
able to actually kind of
window and then page up
and page down and move
Hulu around, which is cool.
But I I'm noticing just
in general windows store apps,
not all of them think
about these giant resolutions. And
I, and I've also heard
about DPI being an issue
as well. I haven't personally
seen that, but I understand
that there's three different DPIs
that you have to think
about how much thought had,
did you put into as
a windows eight app, like
you might run at at
a, was it 1366 by
seven 68, which is the
minimum for snapping and then
all the way up to
2048 and beyond how do
you manage the lay there
and resolution issues? So we
use a, a full bleed
masthead, which is 90% of
the width of the screen.
And that approach actually makes
it look really nice on
the majority of devices that
we work with. It gives
us enough where we can
have just a little bit
of the content peeking through
on the right side, but
the image looks really big
and pronounced and full on
every, every resolution we tested
it. So even when you
do visit a 30 inch,
use a 30 inch monitor
to look at the application,
you'll see that big artwork
there on the screen, when
it comes to the tiles
to the right of that,
we have a maximum of
four vertical rows. We would
like to do either more
rows or bigger tiles for
extremely high resolution websites. But
right now that's enough of
an edge case. And the
approach we use where we
stick to four vertical rows
and center it vertically, it
seems to catch the majority
of devices outside of developer
machines. So again, it's a
trade off. Another thing we
would also like to do
is have better support for
portrait mode, which right now
we just disable in the
application and combined with that,
a lot of developers who
like to have, you know,
say a 24 inch wide
screen monitor flipped vertically. If
you were to look at
that with our application right
now, it would work, but
it'd be a little bit
weird with the clipping of
the masthead image. I don't.
And I realized that a
16 by nine high definition
stream doesn't lend itself well
to a snap view, but
I have to give you
credit for letting me watch
the daily show in a
snap view, even though it
was kind of weird, cause
it was letterbox, I could
do it. And I was
like, awesome. Cause with some
applications like the store, they
just put the logo and
I fully expected Hulu to
just say, no, we're not
gonna let you do that.
So I was able to
watch while snapped and I
thought that was pretty good.
Awesome. Yeah. It's not few.
It actually, hasn't been too
bad. We've got a little
bit more work that we
want to do with our
video snap. You will probably
move that video image further
in the screen. So if
you are on a tablet
and you bring up your
keyboard, it doesn't overlap on
top of the video. So
there's a few optimizations we
can do there. And we
might include some extra metadata,
but we're pretty happy with
how it turned out. Especially
for the first released out
there. The 30 inch monitor
thing brings up some really
interesting questions about what the
user's expectation is. I have
a 30 inch monitor at
my desk, so I'll be
two feet away from it.
I would like to see
a whole bunch of pictures,
right? Show me beautiful. You
have beautiful art. Show me
more. But if I'm sitting
on my couch and I've
got my 30 inch or
42 inch monitor, then I'm
going to want to see
big, giant, beautiful art. So
then you start springing into
some really interesting things that
I don't think you've done
yet, but you could just
like semantic zoom, zoom out
and see like all the
categories and then zoom, you
know, then I'm trying to
do like Hulu minority report
style. So take that back
to the designers and tell
them that I want to
be able to do that
zoom in zoom out. So
I feel like the entire
catalog is at my fingertips.
Yeah, that would be great.
And honestly, we do have,
so basically it's like a
toggle right now. We have
horizontal page and horizontal page
with zoom and we have
horizontal page with zoom turned
off right now because at
least as we understood it
early on in development, and
I've actually learned something really
interesting, this bill that I'm
going to use to, to
go back and change that.
But the semantic zoom works
best when the outside component
has a great view. And
we want to have a
lot of customizability of what
our groups look like and
the group style selector of
the grid view. Isn't giving
us that flexibility right now.
So we played with either
having a grid view of
grid views where each item,
if the grid view is
just a horizontal stack panel
in a virtualized horizontal stack
panel. And then each section
is what we want is
another grid view. But when
we did the grid view
of grid views, it, it
made one of the problems
that's been plaguing us right
now is we get a
fatal execution engine air, and
the application where it's just
a hard native crash, cryptic
error code. The best we
can investigate on it is
that it looks like maybe
there's some native code. That's
holding a reference to an
item that's been garbage collected
and gets an event handler
and then tries to call
it. And that object is
no longer there. So a
weird thing there, and at
least on the forums that
I've read and through our
context at Microsoft, there's going
to be a patch or
already has been a patch
to address some of those
issues. But that particular random
exception that just crashed our
application, you know, as we're
navigating through it or going
from page to page, we
just randomly get crashes. That's
why we, we had some
ethics, zoom turned off. It's
not that we couldn't make
it work. It's just that
we were getting some weird
bunch of random behavior there.
And it's not necessarily to
say that that's even the
fault of semantic zoom. It's
not, it's just, yeah. It's
some obscure edge case where
you're dumped some interaction with
some interaction, with some interaction,
right. It's the exactly it's
Spolsky's law. Yeah. So, so
what we've done instead for,
for right now, with this
current build is we have
just a regular items control
instead of a grid view.
And that items control is
providing each of our integrated
views with a virtualizing stack
panel. And that approach works,
but it doesn't have semantic
zoom that said there was
a great talk today about
the XAML list views. And
they showed exactly how to
implement the ice semantic zoom
info info interface, which I
had seen before. But I,
there wasn't really a lot
of documentation around it early
on. So with that in
mind, it looks like we
can just subclass items control,
implement the interface ourselves. And,
you know, instead of having
a grid view of grip,
this, we have an item's
control of grid views and
we support semantics. Right. Just
stuff like that make coming
back, like coming to things
like build like worthwhile. Oh
yeah, definitely. Because that's a
good example. Like, Oh dude,
I can go back right
now and fix that thing.
Yeah. Yeah. That's, there's been
a few few situations like
that one that I really
love. And maybe it's, maybe
it's just our fault for
not finding the documentation somewhere,
but debug settings that and
show overdraw map heat map.
Right. You can set that
in your app that XAML
that CS and it will
basically turn all of your
UI elements into red boxes
and show you how they
overlap each other. And the
darker, the red is the
more the GPU is overdrawing
and that can make your
performance sluggish. That sounds awesome.
Yeah. That alone is worth
the trip where we can
go in now and we
can actually pinpoint a few
situations where we're really killing
the graphics performance on arm
to arm devices because of
that overdraw. Now we know
where to find it. So
cool. Stuff like that. It's
been really good. I do
find it's been a little
bit hit or miss with
the conferences. It's like, I
either go to one extreme
or the other and finding
the spot right in the
middle where it's enough technical
content that it's useful, but
it's not so, so inner
where it's something that I
would never use. Right. You
like, it's fun to see
like Mark Russinovich, like debug
some crazy internal windows thing,
but how often do you
go there? Yeah. And so
I think with that, either
going insanely heavy into the
native C plus plus code,
which our application doesn't really
use or being the very
light introductory talks about how
to use XAML in C
sharp, you know, finding that
perfect middle one where it's
all the technical content and
immediately useful has been a
little bit challenging, but we
can always go back and
view the videos of the
highest rated ones, which I
think will be good. And
we can, you know, also
the few classes that we
have been to that have
really met that Mark have
been awesome. Just finding that
overdrive heat map, I think
will be, will be very
valuable. And have you been
able to interact with these
guys? Have you, are you
grabbing the guys and gals
that are presenting and then
talking to them afterwards, you
get access to these? You
know, I try to, but
all the really good talks
are crowded at the end
with people waiting in line
and then you don't want
to be the guy who's
going over some really in
depth thing and like getting
a lot of back and
forth discussion about it. Wow.
You know, 10 people are
behind you yeah. In there
and say just seriously, this
is a tip. Can I
have a card? Get their
alias. Just say, can I
have your alias? And then
email them just like, Hey,
pardon me? I know you
got a lot of people
who can I get your
alias? They'll tell you their
alias. And then boom. Now
you have their email address.
And then you've got that
relationship and they don't mind
you asking questions, dude. They
do not pay no seriously.
I mean, I was joking
with Scott goo. I was
encouraging people not to email
the vice president, but you
know, they had, you know,
please send me the codes
cause he's just going to
forward it to me and
then I'm going afford it
to somebody else. But no,
seriously, if someone is presenting
to you about their feature
and they love that feature
and that feature is going
to help you, or you
think that feature could be
made better or there's a
problem with that feature, they
absolutely want to hear from
you do that. Find that
healing, find the heatmap person.
And let's talk to that
guy. Sounds good. Right. Cool.
Well thank you for talking
today from Hulu. Never been
checked that out in the
store. It's lime. Now it's
sat in the store now.
Very, very cool. This has
been another episode of Hanselminutes
and we'll see you again
next week.